What being a highschool English teacher taught me about writing content that sells🙊

How to get people sliding into your dms😉

1. If you don't have a hook people won't keep reading

Same way the first paragraph of that essay you wrote was key for impressing your teacher right off the bat

If your Instagram captions or email headlines don't get attention, you're losing half your audience

2. Getting your friend to do your homework is never a good call

When you "borrow" other people's ideas it always bites you back later

Like when you scribbled down your friends answers quickly before the bell and tried to pass it off as your own, only for the answer to be wrong

This is the equivalent of screen shotting other consultants stories and passing it off as your own

It doesn't have to be that way girl😉

3. Your personality trumps all

When you have to mark 30 essays and they all sound the same... Boring🙄

When you write from your own voice and heart that's when you're doing your best work

Use your own expressions and write like you talk when you're trying to sell something

Has your content been kind of like that essay on global warming you "borrowed" from google? (lol for real though one of the easiest essays I ever had to mark - zero😱) .

Wouldn't you love it if every time you posted you had people in your DM's asking for more?? Or if when you sent out your emails you had people clicking to order with you

This is exactly why I created my Boss Up Your Biz coaching sessions

So you can feel confident in creating content that actually converts

And figure out who the heck you're speaking to 
So your business isn't an expensive hobby😜

Look sista, I know you clicked on the application and talked yourself out it of it

This is exactly what you need to level up for 2020 and get past that same rank you've been stuck at

DM right now to apply for a spot! . .
.
.
.
.

#beautycounterconsultant #beautycounterholiday #countertime #countermatch #counterman #betterbeauty #cleanlashes #cleanliving #nontoxicliving #nontoxicmama #arbonne30 #younglivingcanada #younglivingoils #essentialoilsrock #essentialoiltips #essentialoilsforhealth #essentialoils101
