As you may remember I initially tried to launch my Beautycounter business back in April, but long story short, there ended up being a conflict of interest at my work and I had to put this endeavor on hold. It goes without saying, but I was devastated. However — fast forward to today — I have a new job (that I absolutely LOVE) that will also allow me to pursue other opportunities outside of work, including my passion for #betterbeauty! So here we go again! I am re-launching my Beautycounter business! 🙌🏼 I am beyond excited to jump back in with both feet! ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Here is my WHY: ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
I was first introduced to Beautycounter 5 years ago. Even before I found this company I was aware of the lack of regulation in our beauty products. I was already on the path to choosing safer beauty, but what Beautycounter was doing was different than anything I’d seen before. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
The European Union bans close to 1,400 chemicals from their personal care products. The United States has only banned 30 chemicals to date. The US also hasn’t passed any laws about that stuff since 1938. There are more than 80,000 chemicals on the market today and many of them don't have any safety data. This is especially true of chemicals used in the skin care and beauty industry.
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
We deserve better and Beautycounter is doing something about it! They educate, raise awareness and they are trying to get laws changed at a federal level.  Their goal is to get safer products into the hands of everyone. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Beautycounter is committed to a health and safety standard that goes well beyond what is legally required in the United States. Their Never List™ is made up of more than 1,500 questionable or harmful chemicals that they never use as ingredients in their products. To me, this is super impressive. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
I was skeptical about trying their products at first because I have super sensitive, acne prone skin and pretty much everything breaks me out. Like everything, haha! I was prepared to be disappointed, but to my surprise - my frustrated, acne prone skin loved these products! Plus - they are proven safe. Continued in comments...
