{Be fearless in pursuit of what sets your soul on fire}. I haven’t been this excited about something in a while! I get very passionate about advocacy, as I did after my brother & 2 friends all passed from lung cancer within a year of each other. Now this has me just as fired up.
.

I joined Beautycounter because I became obsessed with overhauling everything after my breast cancer diagnosis in Oct 2017. You learn a lot about lifestyle changes going through cancer treatment...what to avoid, what to eat/not eat, how many toxins and carcinogens are in our food and in the products we use on our body every.single.day. .

I had no clue how many hormones are injected into meat and dairy, how many cancerous pesticides are on produce and in other foods. I didn’t know how many toxins, known carcinogens & endocrine disrupters are in skincare, sunscreen, beauty products and makeup. These things can cause cancer, fertility issues, birth defects, asthma and numerous other health issues. .

My cancer was almost 100% hormone-fueled, meaning my cancer cells fed off the excess hormones that had built up in my body, most likely from foods and products I’d put in my body over the years. .

That motivated me to an organic diet and to make the switch to clean skincare, bath/body care, makeup & beauty products. .

Our skin is the largest organ in our body...everything on it goes directly into our bloodstream, so it’s extremely important to take care of it and be conscious of what’s actually in the products we’re using. .

This has all enlightened me immensely and I’m still learning. But now I just want to tell everyone, share these amazing products and help others make better, healthier choices. .

I joined the better beauty movement, to ensure we change the archaic 81 year-old law, needed to regulate beauty products, to ensure the FDA gets the authority to remove harmful ingredients from products we use every single day. And that’s just what I plan to do. I’m so excited for this opportunity! I hope I can inspire others to join me in this movement.
