This Collection has changed my skin completely! I'm not one who worries much about wrinkles, especially my happy lines, you know the ones.....when someone's face lights up with an undeniable joy, yeah, those.😍 But it has almost completely erased my stress lines, the ones that remind me of sleepless night and really hard years. Goodbye stress! Not to mention for the first time in my life my skin is balanced, chronic dryness no longer, acne is gone, my skin glows.✨ Countertime allows our skin to be protected and age gracefully.

All of our skin care lines work in this way, if you are feeling like your skin could use some love it's never to early or late. Each line is designed to Cleanse, Prep, Treat and Protect your skin from life's stressor's both internal and environmental.
If you are unsure of where to start I am happy to get you started with our 60 second skin care quiz which will help you find which skin care line would suit your needs. Skin Care Quiz link is in my Bio 👆🏽
Right now for any Skin Care Collection purchase you will receive our Overnight Resurfacing Peel for FREE, a $63 value that will add to any skin type and skin care Collection. I will also be gifting our Band of Beauty Membership which will get you our Balancing Charcoal Mask, a $49 value, for FREE and for 12 months you will benefit from free shipping, 10% back in product credit with every order, specials and more.
I understand it's an investment, but taking care of your largest organ and first line of defense is worth it. Even better Beautycounter believes in what we are doing and the importance of getting you set with the perfect skin care for you, so all products are backed by our 60 days full refund guarantee if you aren't happy. Full refund, no questions asked!♥️ You can't lose, and your skin will thank you.
Love the idea of getting products at a consultant discount or learn more about our mission? I'd love to share more with you.
#betterbeauty #cleanbeauty #skincarequiz #countertime #agegracefully #glow #lovetheskinyourein #countermatch #countercontrol #nourishing #rejuvenating #counterman #beautycounter #healthyliving @beautycounter
