So EXCITED! I finally opened my Beautycounter consultant enrollment kit and Deluxe Skin Care set!
Check out all these CLEAN Beauty products!!
In my enrollment kit, I received a travel size of my favorite cleansing balm! WIN!
Along with a color intense lipstick (can’t wait to try!), BEAUTY COMES CLEAN pouch, and a Beautycounter tote to tote along my brochures and look books! :)
NEXT UP! My Deluxe Skin Care set! WOOT WOOT!!
Note: These are full size products!! ;)
In the Countermatch line, I received the adaptive moisture lotion, recovery sleeping cream, eye rescue cream, intense moisture serum, pure calm cleansing milk,and adaptive body moisturizer! I am already using the adaptive moisture lotion and LOVE it!
In the Counter Control line, I received the clear pore cleanser, instant matte toner, all over acne treatment, matte effect gel cream, and SOS acne spot treatment! This is the line I am currently using for my acne and LOVE!
In the Countertime line, I received the lipid defense cleansing oil, mineral hydrating essence, ultra renewal eye cream, tripeptide radiance serum, antioxidant soft cream, tetrapeptide supreme cream! I can’t wait to try this line out!
I also received the citrus mimosa body wash & hydrating lotion, citrus rosemary body oil, charcoal facial mask, brightening facial oil, overnight resurfacing peel, lotus glow cleansing balm, and a charcoal cleansing bar!
I do have some samples of the Countermatch regimen, Counter Control regimen, Countertime regimen, and overnight resurfacing peel.
If you are looking at all these CLEAN Beauty products and thinking I need that, and that, and that too... YOU need to join as a CONSULTANT!
If you want to learn how to get all these CLEAN Beauty products from Beautycounter at one heck of a deal; even if you don’t want to sell to others, but I’m sure you will want to share it with you family and friends just like I am doing now; send me a message! 
If you’re not interested in becoming a consultant, you can still join our Band of Beauty membership to earn 10% in points towards future products.
If you have questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out!
